Updates to CAO and e-sign process (#406)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/operations/company-agreements.md

* The following agreements may be signed by VP Finance Aneal Vallurupalli 
  * Non-clickthrough customer agreements up to $50,000 USD 
  * Procurement contracts for software subscriptions, market events, marketing and advertising agency services up to $50,000 USD 
  * Unmodified Mattermost-authored Non-Disclosure Agreements 
  * Unmodified Mattermost-authored Partner Agreements 

Use the [Authorization Matrix](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fDIMiO0uydB_1zCUxZ4sGfSnBJ0P_49zbeQGgTqbYPI/edit?usp=sharing) for a full list of document types and threshold levels 

## Who are Contract Accountability Owners \(CAOs\)? 

A Contact Accountability Owners, or "CAO", is a Mattermost staff member approved to review and initial contracts of specific types ahead of electronic or physical signature on behalf of the company by the CEO. 

CAOs by area include: 

* Natalie Jew \(HR\) - employment contracts, benefit contracts, vendor contracts (HR) 
* Aneal Vallurupalli \(Finance\) - sales contracts, corporate contracts, vendor contracts
* Tim Quock \(Accounting and Procurement\) - sales contracts, corporate contracts, vendor contracts

> * VP \([MLT](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/operations/mlt-cadence#mattermost-leadership-team-mlt)\) - vendor contracts

Reviewer: I don't think MLT should be CAO. 

1. I'd prefer someone from G&A to initial the initial vendor agreement so we have clarity terms for things like indemnity, termination for convenience, jurisdiction, etc. are properly reviewed. 

2. I'm fine having MLT initial in addition to a CAO, for things like spend over $50K, etc. but we need someone trained in contract review as CAO.

Author: ```suggestion

```

## Who can send contracts for signature?

The following staff are approved to send contracts to be initialed and e-signed

* Lynn Conway  - primary for staff agreements and consulting agreements

> * Amy Nicole - primary for vendor contracts and corproate agreements 

Reviewer: 1. Amy Nicol (no "e")
2. "corproate" typo?

Author: ```suggestion
* Amy Nicol - primary for vendor contracts and corporate agreements 
```

> * Amy Nicole - primary for vendor contracts and corproate agreements 

Author: ``
```suggestion
* Amy Nicol - primary for vendor contracts and corporate agreements 
```

> * Kaely Wright - primary for sales agreements and customer supplier forms

Reviewer: Please check people's names in general for this section? "Kaely" doesn't seem right.

Author: ```suggestion
* Kaelyn Wright - primary for sales agreements and customer supplier forms
```

Author: updated. Was a moving a little too quickly
